Replace `List[X]` with `list[X]` in docs (#11450)
python/mypy: docs/source/getting_started.rst

   In some examples we use capitalized variants of types, such as
   ``List``, and sometimes we use plain ``list``. They are equivalent,

>    but the prior variant is needed if you are not using Python 3.9 or later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   but the prior variant is needed if you are using Python 3.8 or earlier.
```
